So working with the places seems to work now it's time to work on the bookings here and use the token
theater as well.
Now let's start in that booking there we're getting the user I.D. which is all right now stored as in
a variable fetched user I.D. in this step here
or actually after we know that it exists because I'm not immediately create my new booking here.
Instead there I will return this off service token because I need that too.
This of course means that essentially all that code down there is removed from this switch map.
Instead I take one here because for my token subscription I also only want to get one value and then
I add a new switch map where I get dead token.
And then here I now create my new booking user I.D. Now fetched user I.D..
That is why I did stored the user I.D. in there so that we can also access it down here.
And now just as before
we add that of query parameter and add our token here now for canceling a booking I'll of course want
to do the same thing
so a year I will return this off service token add pipe and first of all take one that's important then
add the switch map where I get this token and index which map I will then return a call to this delete
method at the end here as before.
All set my token equal to the token I'm getting from this subscription where I fetch one value.
And then here I add to other methods I had in the pipe method two dead one pipe or two the one observable
change we're setting up here now and with that booking places and canceling bookings hopefully all the
works let's give it a try.
Let's go to the book of all places and let's add a booking here for Munich select a random date.
Maximilian Schwartz Mueller.
I'll bring two friends and I'll go with the default date here.
And now if I have a look at my bookings
I seem to have a problem a year on authorized.
Let's have a look what's wrong.
Well we have fetch bookings.
I simply overlooked that.
Of course here we also want to get our token.
So here where I have that user I.D. same trick as before all stored dead in the fetched user I.D. variable
here so that I can use it everywhere in all steps of this observable chain.
So I'll set fetched user I.D. equal to the user idea.
God once I know that it exists so often as if check.
And then here I'll return this off service token not this bookings but this of service token wrap this
function call here add a new step here and only take one value off that token subscription add and you
switch map where I do get that token and then in here I return this HDP request where I do indeed use
my fetched user I.D. now and where I now simply add one extra query parameter of equal to token and
important debt as an percent off equal to token at the end and now fetching the bookings should work
again of course maybe we should have added an error alert here.
Feel free to improve the app by doing that.
Now here it gives gives me that booking but tried to cancel it.
That also works and with that I'd say we add it off indication to this app.